CommonServerPWSH - Integration context - Fix demisto server version compatability (#10789)
demisto/content: Packs/Base/ReleaseNotes/1_6_4.md

#### Scripts
##### CommonServerPowerShell

> - GetIntegrationContext method fix in DemistoObject, Demisto version 5.5.0 and above will be supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- GetIntegrationContext method fix in DemistoObject, Cortex XSOAR version 5.5.0 and above will be supported.
```
